[daggy-u][dbt] Update dbt course to use DbtProject (#23098)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/dagster-university/pages/dagster-dbt/lesson-7/5-preparing-for-a-successful-run.md

---

## Adding a prod target to DbtProject

Next, we need to update the `DbtProject` object in `dagster_university/assets/dbt.py` to specify what profile to target. To optimize the developer experience, let’s use an environment variable to specify the profile to target.

1. In the `.env` file, define an environment variable named `DBT_TARGET` and set it to `dev`:

   ```python
   DBT_TARGET=dev
   ```

2. Next, import the `os` module at the top of the `dbt.py` file so the environment variable is accessible:

   ```python
   import os
   ```

3. Finally, scroll to the initialization of the `DbtProject` object, and use the new environment variable to access the profile to target. This should be on or around line 11:

```python
dbt_project = DbtProject(
   project_dir=Path(__file__).joinpath("..", "..", "..", "analytics").resolve(),
   target=os.getenv("DBT_TARGET")
)
```

---

## Adding a prod target to deploy.yml

> After that, we need to update the dbt commands in the `.github/workflows/deploy.yml` file to target the new `prod` profile. This will ensure that dbt uses the correct connection details when the GitHub Action runs as part of our Dagster+ deployment.

Reviewer: Can you change this back to `Next`? The `that` here feels vague.

> Open the file, scroll to the environment variable sections, and set an environment variable named `DBT_TARGET` to `prod`. This command should be on or around line 12:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the file, scroll to the environment variable section, and set an environment variable named `DBT_TARGET` to `prod`. This should be on or around line 12:
```

I'm assuming there's only one section. I'm also removing `command`, as I think it's a leftover from the previous version of this page.
